# OpenSSF DevRel Meeting 2023-14-09

## Present

- Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF) 
- Cheuk Ting Ho (OpenSSF)
- Katherine Druckman (Intel) 
- Nick Vidal (Open Source Initiative)
- Amanda Martin (LF) 
- Khahil White (LF)
- Josh Clements (ADI)
- Alexander Beaver (Open@RIT)
- Edoardo Dusi (SparkFabrik)
- Lori Lorusso
- Altaz Valani (DevSecOpsMentor.com)
- Tracy Ragan (DeployHub)
- Andreas Fehlner (Onnx)
- Dana Wang (OpenSSF)
- Tabatha DiDomenico (G-Research)

## Agenda and notes

- Old Business:
  - The goal of the DevRel committee - [MVSR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rNOUNTp81Yxf16hmQnyCBO2pC_GHD7Pwh3TlS3ur_x8/edit?usp=sharing)
- New Business:
  - Welcome new participants (if any)
  - Join [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/openssf/shared_invite/zt-22dfsrz1x-VirRpydvBZCXuTaGSTPWFA) and [#devrel-community](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C060PHUUPAA) channel
  - OSSecurity knowledge base - GitHub repo
    - target audience: for our group
    - start with some issues/ tasks
    - list of hot topic 
    - link to talk slides or videos
  - Landing page
    - goal, objective, what this group is
    - primer what the foundation is, what do we do, how do we react
    - simple condense format
    - Names and profile of members
    - refine what we want for devrel folks
      - Presentations
      - Assets
  - [Meetup organizing guideline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EwHkzIhW0nQQD9G5lVF08sYPwTjVVC8xLNkbq16psBo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Ambassador Program - thumbs up
    - define what a person need to do
    - who will you invite
    - maybe a badging program is better - https://info.credly.com/
  - [WG Personas ppt](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15NAGaNvxvVcuowO6C9SPVntVjg0mISfHunD42VRaymU/edit?usp=sharing) which congregate the [personals from here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zhryCcHS-jVdTyhVRctcsgxDPXSCui5szS58fdbJh9g/edit?usp=sharing)

  