# OpenSSF DevRel Meeting 2023-11-09

## Present

- Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF) 
- Cheuk Ting Ho (OpenSSF)
- Katherine Druckman (Intel) 
- Amanda Martin (LF) 
- Omkhar (OpenSSF)
- Smamim Reza (TheTeamPhoenix)
- Edoardo Dusi (SparkFabrik)
- Alex Beaver (Open@RIT)
- Crob (Intel)
- Tabatha DiDomenico (G-Research)
- Angie Byron (Aiven)
- Adrianne Marcum (OpenSSF) - 2nd half

## Agenda and notes

- Old Business:
  - The goal of the DevRel committee - [MVSR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rNOUNTp81Yxf16hmQnyCBO2pC_GHD7Pwh3TlS3ur_x8/edit?usp=sharing)
- New Business:
  - Welcome new participants (if any)
  - Join [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/openssf/shared_invite/zt-22dfsrz1x-VirRpydvBZCXuTaGSTPWFA) and [#devrel-community](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C060PHUUPAA) channel
  - OSSecurity knowledge base - GitHub repo
    - target audience: for our group
    - start with some issues/ tasks
    - list of hot topic 
    - link to talk slides or videos
  - Landing page
    - goal, objective, what this group is
    - primer what the foundation is, what do we do, how do we react
    - simple condense format
    - Names and profile of members
    - refine what we want for devrel folks
      - Presentations
      - Assets
  - [Meetup organizing guideline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EwHkzIhW0nQQD9G5lVF08sYPwTjVVC8xLNkbq16psBo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Ambassador Program - thumbs up
    - define what a person need to do
    - who will you invite
    - maybe a badging program is better - https://info.credly.com/
  - [WG Personas ppt](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15NAGaNvxvVcuowO6C9SPVntVjg0mISfHunD42VRaymU/edit?usp=sharing) which congregate the [personals from here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zhryCcHS-jVdTyhVRctcsgxDPXSCui5szS58fdbJh9g/edit?usp=sharing)

- Welcome new folks
  - Shamim
- Badge program - got approval to use credly
  - [Design the program - what to give badge for](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n9JBVFqQ_jxIx4up2d3sZtKToJVtzZVNB2g7vFo94E4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Form for nomination, self nominate or peer nominations](https://github.com/ossf/DevRel-community/issues/17)
- [DevRel Spending Request 2023](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pind80uR8IWgCGpTGSSI0z-NU5ghWu2YcvmH9N0Y2n8/edit#heading=h.6c6xxokm74uz) - Community Series 
  - Can we combine this with the OpenSSF one
    - Yes! Better to do this once than two separate
    - How are advertising this? Jennifer and Chuek and friends of the show to amplify.
      - Should have marketing strategy in advance
      - Invite celebrities guests
      - Interview authors of blog posts
      - Use clips and blogs for advertising
      - Alternate tracks - different topics at different fix time (e.g. 4th Tuesday every month) so not to confuse different personas
      - What are the missions?
      - [Persona condensed versions](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lCvYPNCyH9ae1hYc3XPXCgJ0C_2ohJLHg-LlL2fLLUo/edit#slide=id.g254aa5f1c0a_0_120)
    - Action items:
      - consolidate the operation with the 2 podcasts - convo with CRob
      - if it needs to be approved - expenses etc
      - Omkhar and CRob will create proposal
      - Amanda will check if the budgets etc are right
      - Amanda will add to the GC agenda
- Suggest events to speak at
    - Use issues [template](https://github.com/ossf/DevRel-community/issues/new?template=suggest-an-event.md) to suggest events - add label for personas
    - [This can be a good list to start](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W2ykMZrtBSX7gp8Uf_zL27Pb4a2E7jdLGpiCnflw0Vg/edit?usp=sharing)
    - Add more CfP suggestions (copy [template here](https://github.com/ossf/DevRel-community/blob/main/abstracts/_TALK_TEMPLATE.md) and make PR)
    - Slides templates - to introduce OpenSSF, Scorecard, Sigstore etc
      - Google doc needed for Introduction to OpenSSF, Scorecard etc. 
    - Adding cost and do we have CoC to event template
    - List of events by the [marketing committee](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vPRNTjKd9HQSF5pxICDAgYFczj9CqfQsiRdBp2km-_k/edit?usp=sharing)
    - Collect who is speaking at where - to promote
- New meetup chapter - Jarkata (Thanks Orhan)
    - You can/ or suggest someone start one too: [follow this guidelines](https://openssf.org/community/meetup-guidelines/)
- [Hong Kong networking event](https://www.meetup.com/hong-kong-openssf-meetup-group/events/297184804/) - if anyone you know is interested, please share
  